Are those police boats?
I knew it was against the law.
A trick is something a whore does for money.
Well clearly the blue part is the land.
What have we always said is the most important thing?
I love all my children equally.
Tobias boarded a van full of homosexuals.
I'm doing the time... of my life!
You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.
There's always money in the banana stand.
No touching!
I know that she's a brownish area with points.
You just grab that brownish area by its points and you don't let go no matter what your mom says.
It just seems like there's still light coming in from under the door.
Do you like my outfit? Not as much as I like what's underneath it.
I use one adjective to describe myself, what is it? Professional.
I shall duck behind the couch.
Wayne Jarvis, attorney at law. I have a responsibility to tell you that there is no candy in this office.
You're my third least favorite child.
This is a Bluth family celebration. It's no place for children.
I'm looking for something that says, "Dad likes leather." Something that says, "leather daddy"?
I don't criticize you! And if you're worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense.
These guys are pros, Michael. They're gonna push the tension 'til the last possible moment before they strip.
We need to make Michael the new face of the Bluth company. He's the only likable one in the bunch. No offense.
I don't have the milk of mother's kindness in me anymore. Yeah. That udder's been dry for a while though, hasn't it?
I’m a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Suddenly, playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit.
These are lawyers. That's Latin for liar.
I've got the marriage and none of the good parts. It's like so far it's been all chain and no ball.
Annyong.
I'm afraid that this offer comes off the table at midnight. That may be the worst bluff I've ever heard.
Sweet old thing. Only two of those words describe Mom, so I know you're lying to me.
It just looks like he's dead. He's got, like, blue paint on him or something. But he's going to be fine.
I think George Michael's hiding Ann in the attic. From who? The Nazis?
I have Pop-Pop in the attic.
Maybe I'll put it in her brownie.
Moms are such a pain in the ass, huh? It’s, like, die already!
I'm afraid I prematurely shot my wad on what was supposed to be a dry run if you will, so I'm afraid I have something of a mess on my hands.
You can sink your arrow into my buttocks any time.
Even if it means me taking a chubby, I will suck it up!
I wouldn't mind kissing that man between the cheeks.
There's a psychological concept known as denial that I believe you're evincing. It's when a thought is so hateful that the mind literally rejects it.
He lost his left hand. He's going to be all right.
He's lost his left hand, so he's going to be all right.
You've got to be the laziest person in the world.
Ann’s got a great deal of mass.
I cannot survive under the house. Perhaps an attic shall I seek.
Don't call my escorts "whores."
Hey, look at that. You’re mean sober, too.
There's only one sleeping bag, so we're going to have to double up. Pigs in a blanket!
And this is not a Vol-vo.
I heard the jury's still out on science.
I want to cry so bad, but I don't think I can spare the moisture.
She has a name, Mother, and it's Mother.
What's Spanish for "I know you speak English"?
You gave us cereal in an ashtray.
My name is Judge.
I can't stand to hear one more lie out of this family.
It was Arrested Development.
She calls it a mayonegg.
Mom volunteered me for the Army.
Oh, mom. After all these years, God’s not going to take a call from you.
Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough.
You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.
Get rid of the Seaward. I’ll leave when I’m good and ready.
Steve Holt!
Do you think I could have a hit of the juice box?
Has anyone in this family ever even seen a chicken?
Gene Parmesan, how you doing?
I’ll be in the hospital bar.
I don’t care for Gob.
Really? Did “nothing” cancel?
I want to dance. I want to make love to a woman. I want to get a checking account. I want to know what it feels like to get my face socked in!
Now you take this home, throw it in a pot, add some broth, a potato. Baby you got a stew going!
Do these effectively hide my thunder?
You couldn’t kick, and you couldn’t run, you know? You’re just a, a turd.
You lied to me… you said my FATHER was my father, but my UNCLE is my father. MY FATHER IS MY UNCLE.
Do you guys know where I could get one of those gold necklaces with the “T” on it?
Army had a half day.
I don’t think us sleeping together is working out. You’re a grown man; you should be living with your mother.
Marry me!
No touching!
It’s vodka. It goes bad once it’s opened.
Say goodbye to these!
I’m not sure how “Solid as a Rock” helps people forget that we built houses in Iraq.
I’d have to get up pretty early in the morning to get drunk by 1 o’ clock.
Heeey brother.
There are dozens of us. Dozens!
I would’ve expected that after “They’re keeping Dad in jail.”
I’m afraid I just blue myself.
Portugal? Gonne live it up down old’ South America way, eh Mikey?
Let’s just make Ann the backup. Okay? Very good way to think about her. As a backup.
Great, so now we don’t have a car or a jet? Why don’t we just take an ad out in “I’m Poor” magazine?
I suppose I’m buy-curious.
There’s always money in the banana stand.
And that’s why you always leave a note.
Ann, you need to decide whether you want a man or a boy. I know how I’d answer.
I’ve made a huge mistake.
You’re going to get some hop-ones.
You must teach me, George Michael. You must teach me the ways of the secular flesh.
I deceived you. “Tricked” makes it sound like we have a playful relationship.
Quick question though am I being panicked about the fire or am I being brave for everyone else?
Oh my god, we're having a fire.... sale. Oh the burning, it burns me. Evacuate all the school children.
That’s a cross. Across from where?
And you finished off the whole bottle? I had to, it's vodka. It goes bad once it's opened.
I'd have to get up pretty early in the morning to get drunk by 1 o' clock.
That was Tom Cruise, the actor. They said he was some kind of scientist.
You had Buster 32 years ago. And that’s how long I’ve been depressed about him.
Please refrain from discussing or engaging in any sort of inter-office (BLEEP!)ing, or (BLEEP!)ing, or finger(BLEEP!)ing, or (BLEEP!)sting, or (BLEEP!)esting, or (BLEEP!)eing, or even (BLEEP!), even though so many people in this office are begging for it.
She’s not ‘that’ Mexican, Mom, she’s my Mexican. And she’s Colombian or something.
Now, when you do this without getting punched in the chest, you’ll have more fun.
Why go to a banana stand when we can make your banana stand?
I broke a couple of my own rules. She knows I’m Gob Bluth, and...we got married.
The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. Come on!
Yeah, the guy in the $4,000 suit is holding the elevator for the guy who doesn’t make that in four months. Come on!
Yeah, like I'm going to take a whiz through this $5,000 suit. Come on!
I don't know what I expected.
Are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over? An analyst and a therapist? The world's first analrapist.
Here's some money. Go see a Star War.
But where did the lighter fluid come from?
I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it.
Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant. It makes me want to set myself on fire.
She sometimes takes a little pack of mayonnaise, and she'll squirt it in her mouth all over.
She'll then squirt it all over her egg and go 'mmmmmmmm'. She calls it a mayon-egg.
And that's why you don't yell.
Why should you go to jail for a crime someone else noticed?
It's the only hair he's got. He's an alpaca! He has alopecia.
Has anyone in this family ever seen a chicken?
Daddy horny Michael.
Stop licking my hand, you horse's ass.
I'm a monster!
I'm Mr. Manager! Well, manager, we just say manager.
Who'd like a banger in the mouth? Right, I forgot, here in the States, you call it a sausage in the mouth.
No, what I'm calling you is a television actor.
That Funke is some kind of something. Boy, this Funke is all anybody's ever talking about. So sick and tired of hearing about how brilliant that Funke is.
I shall hide behind the couch. Guy's a pro.
Tobias, you blowhard.
I'm invited into very few personal homes. TO THE NUTS.
Barry's not in right now. Would you like to leave her a message? Yeah, tell her she needs to whisper a little softer next time, AND I'm not paying for this phone call.
There was $250,000 lining the inside walls of the banana stand.
Are you sure these aren't balls? Because last time, they were balls.
Yeah, well, have you seen those new Mustangs? I'm telling you - you could hump the hood.
So fill each one of these bags with some glitter, my photo resume, some candy, and a note. "I know where you live, ha, ha." Casting directors hate this.
I thought that maybe I would stay in and work on my law blog. Ah, yes. The "Bob Loblaw Law Blog". You, sir, are a mouthful.
Say something that will terrify me. F*** me. No, that didn't do it.
Up yours Granny! You couldn't handle it!
Loose seal. Watch out for loose seal.
That's all I've ever wanted from you, Daddy - for you to spend money on me.
I hate to say it, but Michael might be right. You need to learn a little discipline. Hmm. Nope. That doesn't feel right.
I think George Michael needs a mother. He's got you. He's got our mother. You'd think that would turn him off the entire concept.
I have faith my prayers will free you. Faith is not a fact. Oh, yes it is. You said so yourself in Caged Wisdom.
Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we?
I've got a nice hard cot with his name on it. You would do that to your brother?
Boy, I sure feel like a Mary without a Peter and a Paul.
Dr. Funke's 100% Natural Good Time Family Band solution was a nightmare.
Well, I thought Xanotab was supposed to make everything better. For fifteen minutes. Then it burns when you pee and your marriage goes to hell.
Oh sure, Lindsay. You're a much better parent - no borders, no limits, oh go ahead, touch the Cornballer.
Good news, everyone. I bought the Queen Mary.
I would like to go to the Gothic Castle. Gothic asshole? Yes.
Is there anything I can do? Well, maybe if you go... downtown? Oh, I haven't done that in thirty years.
You mailed that insurance check, right, GOB?
I'm moving to Phoenix. I got a job. Something you apply for and they pay you to... Never mind, I don't want to ruin the surprise.
I think it's frightening when it's cut off. It's like a Doberman - let it have its ears.
That was 90% gravity.
Te Quiero. English, please. I love you. Great, now I'm late.
My gut is telling me no... but my gut is also very hungry.
You should have seen the face he made when - well, he's my twin brother, I'll show you.
Talk you off? Talk you off what, Pop-Pop?